The charts track normalized accumulated reward over training time for four methods, comparing a small network (20, 10) versus a large network (400, 300) on the Allen-Cahn equation, a tubular reactor, and a Toda lattice. Rewards are negative on a log scale, so curves moving upward toward less negative values indicate better performance, while deep downward spikes reflect instability or catastrophic updates. For the Allen-Cahn equation and tubular reactor, the approach MF-UMPO that uses the high-dimensional system and the latent model together achieves higher rewards than UMPO-MA that uses the latent model alone. Comparing the results for the Allen-Cahn equation shows that in both cases the new approaches reach faster higher rewards than direct DDPG. Specifically, UMPO-MA and MF-UMPO provide higher rewards faster during their training phase, but direct DDPG is able to catch up to these after 0.05 h in the small network. Generally, for smaller networks such as (20, 10), the rewards of UMPO behave similarly to direct DDPG. For the tubular reactor, the results across network sizes look very similar to each other, with the rewards of UMPO behaving similarly to direct DDPG but with shorter training times. Both UMPO and direct DDPG exhibit pronounced instability on this task, including repeated sharp drops to very low rewards, suggesting sensitivity to updates or exploration. Conversely, for the Toda lattice example, UMPO-MA achieves the highest rewards as the latent model of the unstable dynamics hides many of the strongly nonlinear dynamics that affect the stabilization. In this environment, MF-UMPO achieves similar rewards as direct DDPG, with both sitting at lower plateaus and experiencing intermittent sharp collapses. However, zoomed-in views of the Toda lattice demonstrate that MF-UMPO still yields consistently better rewards than direct DDPG, which shows the most persistent extreme spikes downward. Overall, increasing network size tends to amplify the visibility of method differences, with MF-UMPO being the most consistently strong on the Allen-Cahn and tubular reactor tasks, while UMPO-MA is the clear standout on the Toda lattice.